so guys you know the reality is i
haven't really been studying chinese for
five years
because
when i left kunming and relocated to a
smaller city called de hong my number
one priority was my new relationship
with melissa i took my romance with lost
tremendously seriously i wanted to be
the love that would last for the rest of
my life
unlike a lot of people i had no sense of
entitlement you know i mean i don't i
don't think that happens uh doesn't
happen just because you want it to
happen it doesn't happen uh
for romantic reasons or for no reason at
all right if you want the results you
got to put in the work
and i really did i really did put in the
work
um oh okay natasha says she's never seen
a white person speaking a chinese
language before
well anyway um this just shows you this
is just off the top of my head and
melissa can attest to just how little
work i've done on chinese at least the
last year but really for many years
chinese has not been what i'm working on
and you know
just to be honest with that i'll get
back to this video i suppose
but you know
[Music]
when you really love someone and you
really want that relationship to last
for the rest of your life it should be
your top priority
and i'm not sure that chinese is going
to be meaningful for me for the rest of
my life i'm not i've no idea the work i
put into chinese it may be a complete
waste of my time you know may not be a
meaningful moment for you in the next
two years in the next five years you
know what i mean but when you really
love someone and you're really committed
to someone it makes sense to make them
your your top priority natasha says good
for you isil priorities change
right
and you've got to make strategic
decisions in your own life and
for the lives of others
that reflect
the uncertainty and mutability
of those priorities